ChineseÖ
Chineseó
Japanese Ö
I will make an announcement.
I have just received a report from the Japanese government.
The communication is normal, and I don't know the extent of the damage, but it is very well organized.
If you have done something like this, then you are not a member of the Japanese government.
At times, you have to deceive the people.
You have to make a propaganda for the people.
You have to believe that the monster river will flow out of the house.
I think it is not painful to report while enduring the attack of the Japanese government.
The current president of the Japanese government, Mr. Yu Fukai,
is a member of the Japanese government who served as the propaganda director of the Nishihichi prefecture.
He told me this.
If an incident occurs, you have to make a propaganda for various events under the order of the executive committee.
I know that it is an event, but I don't think it is painful to do it unless it is an event.
It is important to apologize to the people of the Japanese government.
I have to make a propaganda for the people.
After the war, the government of the Japanese government took the position of the commander of the Japanese army.
I think the director of the media of the United States will be the director of the propaganda of the Japanese government.
I am waiting for the person who will join the Japanese army.
I am eagerly awaiting the person who will be the director of the propaganda of the Japanese government and the commander of the Japanese army.
I look forward to your cooperation.
oppression book